More BN application info (#2552)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators/en.md

- The gamemode (osu!, osu!mania, osu!catch, osu!taiko) that you modded beatmaps in does not matter as your activity in the modding community as a whole is being measured and not the activity in a certain game mode.
- The point in time at which the Kudosu has been awarded to your mod post **does** matter, as the calculator embed in the website will fetch the data from your own Modding History events.

### Modding expectations

Submitted mods should show that a user is capable of analyzing and improving maps to a standard fit for the Beatmap Nominators.

> The following are modding traits expected of Beatmap Nominators. Failure to display any trait may result in a rejected application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are modding traits expected of Beatmap Nominators. Failure to display any of these traits may result in a rejected application.

```

- Coverage of all difficulty levels

> - Identification of unrankable issues, including ones tools can't detect like timing/metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identification of unrankable issues, including ones tools can't detect, such as incorrect timing or metadata
```

> - Comparisons of parts of a map to support issues/suggestions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Comparison between parts of a map to support issues or suggestions
```

> - A wide variety of map elements, such as rhythm, spacing, movement, intensity, contrast, and consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Commentary about a wide variety of map elements, such as rhythm, spacing, movement, intensity, contrast, and consistency
```
not sure if commentary is the best word but i couldnt think of anything better immediately
